Yes, we can parallelize staging—but we should do it selectively, not by simply starting every stager at once.

Did this run any S2 loaders?
No.

Your attached staging result had:

mismatches: 3

The current orchestrator treats any stage mismatch as a stage failure. It stops there, so the S2 loader fleet never starts.

The entries labeled “raw/user loaders” in the attachment are still S1 staging extractors. They copied source-table data into the staging area; they are not the S2 migration loaders.

What --dry-run means
A daily dry run does:

Connects to real S1.
Stages S1 data into the migration staging tables.
This is a real write to the isolated s1_staging area.
It can update staged rows and remove stale staged rows.
If staging passes, it runs the complete dependency-ordered loader fleet in simulation mode:
reads staged S1 data;
performs transformations, lookups, validation, reject checks, and verification;
produces loader result envelopes;
does not write imported business data into the rehearsal S2 tables.
It skips balance/month parity because those checks require applied S2 writes.
It does not record a completed sync-run row.
Because staging failed on the strict count gate, this attempt only did steps 1–2.

Can we parallelize stagers?
Yes, but there are three different approaches
A. Parallelize independent bundles
For example, a small contact-related bundle and an unrelated configuration bundle may extract independently.

This is safe only with:

bounded concurrency, initially 2;
separate source connections;
separate staging result files;
source-load limits;
no shared destructive cleanup until the whole bundle completes.
This will reduce the small tail, but it will not fix the 11-hour duration because the three largest bundles take almost all of it.

B. Parallelize one huge bundle by ID range
For the heavy bundles—pay periods, worker months, and logs—we can split work into bounded key ranges:

worker-month IDs 1–500,000
worker-month IDs 500,001–1,000,000
...

Each worker stages a disjoint range. This is the parallelism most likely to reduce elapsed time materially.

However, it should start conservatively:

2 workers → measure S1 CPU, DB load, read latency, replication lag
3–4 workers → only if S1 remains healthy

Running all three huge bundles simultaneously would likely just move the bottleneck to S1 I/O and make production load worse.

C. Stop restaging unchanged records every day
This is likely the biggest long-term win.

Use each source record’s change metadata as a high-water mark:

daily run:
  fetch records changed since last successful staging watermark
  re-stage only those records

Use a small overlap window so clock skew and in-progress source writes do not create gaps:

changed_after = previous_successful_watermark - safety_window

Reprocessing the overlap is okay because staging is idempotent.

What about S1 records that were deleted?
You identified the important issue correctly:

Changed-since extraction alone cannot see a row that was physically deleted from S1.

If a source row is gone, it has no new changed value. A pure incremental process would leave its old staged/S2 counterpart forever.

The usual safe design is:

Daily:
  1. Incrementally re-stage changed rows.
  2. Run a lightweight key-only reconciliation sweep.
  3. Mark/delete staged rows whose source IDs no longer exist.
Periodic / final-freeze:
  4. Run a complete full-source reconciliation.

The key-only sweep should fetch only the stable source identity and change marker:

source ID + changed timestamp

—not every field table and JSON payload. That makes deletion detection much cheaper than the current full bundle extraction.

If Drupal/S1 has a reliable deletion or audit/tombstone source, we can consume that instead. If physical deletion leaves no audit trail, the key-only sweep is necessary.

Recommended staging model
Initial migration / periodic full sweep:
  Full extraction of all source data
  Full deletion reconciliation
Normal daily sync:
  Incremental changed-row extraction
  Short safety overlap
  Key-only missing-record sweep
  Bounded parallel shards for the largest changed sets
  Strict relational/content validation
Final-freeze:
  Stable or quiesced source
  Full extraction/reconciliation
  Strict count and parity rules

Immediate implication
Before another dry run can exercise the actual loaders, we need to change the staging gate from:

all count mismatches must equal zero

to:

daily live-source drift is reported and bounded;
evidence of incomplete/corrupt staging still fails;
final-freeze remains strict.

That is the current blocker preventing this dry run from reaching any migration loader.