S2 has two timezones: "System" and "User".

I. SYSTEM

The system time zone is controlled by the environment variable "tz".
This can be set externally in the container, or (if it's not set)
internally by the application. It drives everything. Storage layer
calls, log timestamps, everything in the database is interpreted in
this timezone.

In the database:

Most columns store a simple "wall clock" string; "2026-06-05
22:15:00". The meaning of that string is interpreted according to the
"tz" environment variable. So that string means 10:15 PM in whatever
timezone the system is using.

Some columns have the "ymd" naming convention; those columns also
store a bare string, e.g. "2026-06-05 00:00:00". That means "June 5",
with no timezone.

If you change the timezone of a site, the meaning of the data in those
columns will change. If you write "2026-06-05 22:15:00" in UTC, then
switch to PST, then it will assume that you meant 10:15 PM in Los
Angeles. So changing the timezone affects the meaning of the data.

Generally, the timezone should be set once when the site is deployed
and never altered. If you really need to change the timezone of a
running site, you should decide which date columns to explicitly
update using a oneoff script. But it'll be ugly.

II. USER

There is a setting, "Personal Time Zones", that allows users to have
their own time zones. The default is "no".

If "Personal Time Zones" is "No" (or unset), then everybody everywhere
uses the system time zone.

If it's "On", then users can set their own time zone at any time
(stored in the user table.)

If they haven't set their own time zone, then we use the browser time
zone (usually accurate to wherever you happen to be connecting from.)

I imagine that most of your sites will set "personal time zones" to
"off", so this is moot.

III. UX

There is a clock in the top right of the page. It always shows the
current user time (which is, usually, the same as the system time).
Click it to see the details or to change your user time zone (if
enabled).

There is an admin-only configuration page to see all the details and
change the environment variable.

Throughout the site, times and dates are usually displayed in user
time. But we may need to be careful and use judgement. For instance,
we'd want to show YMD fields in system time. If a BAO benefit expires
on June 5 (PST), and the user is in a place where "2026-06-05 00:00:00
PST" occurs on June 4th, then we have to decide whether to say that
the benefit expires on June 4 or June 5. When in doubt, the safest
thing is to show both dates and the timezone.

Let me know issues you encounter. I'm closing this case, open new
cases if you find issues.