Exam Schools
Boston Public Schools has three exam schools: Boston Latin Academy, Boston Latin School, and the John D. O'Bryant School of Mathematics and Science. All three schools accept new students for grades 7 and 9. John D. O’Bryant School accepts a small number of new students in grade 10.

Current BPS grade 8 exam school students are eligible to apply for grade 9 admission to a different exam school. Click here to learn more.

 
Pilot Schools
Our 19 pilot schools have flexibility around hiring, budget, and curriculum. The Boston Public Schools' pilot schools are the result of a unique partnership launched in 1994 among Mayor Thomas M. Menino, the Boston School Committee, superintendent, and the Boston Teachers Union. The pilot schools were explicitly created to be models of educational innovation and to serve as research and development sites for effective urban public schools. Pilot schools are part of the school district but have autonomy over budget, staffing, governance, curriculum/assessment, and the school calendar to provide increased flexibility to organize schools and staffing.

Another Course to College
Baldwin Early Learning Pilot Academy
Boston Arts Academy
Boston Teachers Union School (BTU School)
Fenway High School
Frederick Pilot Middle School
Gardner Pilot Academy
Greater Egleston High School
Haley Pilot School
Lee Academy
Lyndon K-8 School
Lyon High School
Lyon K-8
Mason Elementary School
New Mission High School
Orchard Gardens K-8 School
TechBoston Academy
Quincy Upper School
Young Achievers Science & Math Pilot K-8
 
Horace Mann Charter Schools
Horace Mann Charter Schools are innovative, semi-autonomous schools that are approved by both the Boston School Committee and the Massachusetts Department of Elementary and Secondary Education (DESE) and funded by Boston Public Schools. They are also called in-district charter schools.

Boston Public Schools include six Horace Mann Charter Schools:

Dudley Street Neighborhood Charter House
Boston Day and Evening Academy
Boston Green Academy
Edward M. Kennedy Academy for Health Careers
UP Academy Boston
UP Academy Dorchester
 

Learn more at Horace Mann Charter Renewals SC 6.21.22

 
Innovation Schools
BPS was among the first districts in the state to open an Innovation school in 2011, transforming an underperforming school with new leadership, autonomy, and flexibility. In 2012 we opened a dual language (English/Spanish) Innovation high school and began transforming our technical vocational high school. We currently have 11 innovation schools:

Burke High School
Eliot Innovation School
Dr. William W. Henderson K-12 Inclusion School
Holmes Innovation School
Muniz Margarita Academy
Winthrop Elementary School
 
International Baccalaureate Program
Josiah Quincy Upper School
The IB curriculum at JQUS teaches students to be critical learners, analytical thinkers, and compassionate humanitarians that are well-balanced, principled, open-minded, and caring. In addition to a rigorous academic program that prepares students for university work, we provide diverse and rich extracurricular programs and activities to develop students’ social lives.
Learn more about the JQUS’s International Baccalaureate program >
Snowden International School at Copley
The Muriel S. Snowden International School is an International Baccalaureate World School with a demanding college preparatory curriculum and a focus on global studies. Snowden has additional graduation requirements including: four years of the same language (Japanese, Mandarin, Spanish, or French), Community Action Service, a senior research paper and studies in International Relations. Students must earn a minimum grade of a C- in order to pass each course.
Learn more about the Snowden’s International Baccalaureate program >
 
Dual Language
In this program model, half of the students in the classroom are speakers of the program’s partner language and the other half are English speakers, taught by a team of highly qualified teachers. Instruction is provided in both languages with the goal that students will become bilingual or biliterate. The program entry grade levels are K1 to 2 and 9 to 11. Students between grade levels 3 and 8 must be assessed by the school in the partner language to enter the program. English learner (EL) students also receive English Language Development (ELD) instruction, which is designed to teach English to EL students.

Âu Cơ Preschool
Horace Mann School
Hurley K-8 School
Mario Umana Academy
Margarita Muñiz Academy
Mather Elementary School
Mattahunt Elementary School
Rafael Hernández K-8 School
Sarah Greenwood K-8 School
 
Boston Community Hub Schools
Boston Community Hub Schools is a long-term strategy to actively engage the resources of each community around student and family success. In a Boston Community Hub School, the school community intentionally looks at its assets (the great things that are happening) and opportunities (the things they want to improve) to take action to make their school-community the best it can be. Along with Career and Technical Education and STEM, the Community Hub School strategy has been identified as vital to the education of Boston’s children, and to the future of Boston as a whole.